All right.
The last section we have finished with the header and image sections of the posts, in this section,
we're going to create the button section.
If you look at the final version of the project, here we have three buttons and all of them, they
have hovering effects.
Is all the buttons has the same hovering effects.
We're going to create a custom class name for the children's CSIS.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code.
And.
Let's bring the website right section.
And here inside the after this image, we create another section and we call it Barton's.
Or just say postpartum.
Here we added death and inside this to me at another death because we want the left icons to be inside
this there and the right icon.
Which is the bookmark icon to be on the right side.
So we need three new icons to import, the first one is heart icon.
You just say hard.
Icon.
The next one is chat icon.
And the last one, which goes to the right side is book.
Bookmark icon.
All right.
Let's use them here inside our death.
So first one is heart icon.
It's a sense that it's huge.
But we can use some class name to make a small, but as I mentioned, because all these icons has the
same features.
Were you going to use custom and.
Custom last name.
So we just say here, Peter, for example, but we go.
Two global stats, yes, yes.
And here we are at.
A layer component, so just right layer.
Component.
Components inside a set of curly braces, we just add that that button that we would like to create
and it's it's very easy.
We just need to at apply.
Here and after apply, you write down any Tilghman thesis that we like, for example, which set the
high fifty seven.
You can see now the heart got smaller.
And then we have hover effect of changing the scale.
Two hundred and twenty five percent.
And let's ask some transition.
To make us a little bit smooth transition and transform.
And the duration would be.
Hundred or 200 seconds?
Two hundred milliseconds, sorry.
And the effect is, is are.
And as usual, we have cursor pointer as well.
To make it pointing it.
So now we have the beautiful effect.
So if you add no, the other.
The other icons like the chat icon.
We just need to add the P10 class thing, so they have the same effect as the the other one.
So we have the other side, we have the bookmark icon as well with the same class of 18.
Let's bring everything next to each other by just using flags.
And we want this for this paper to be at the end, so we just use justify between.
It's a which means justified content space between.
Let's add some padding to the X.
Or in the horizontal just peaks.
And some padding to the top.
14TH pixels, so these are fine, we just need to bring these two next to each other, just be add flex
here.
And we add some space between them by using just space X.
For I think by repeating these classes, you now know many of them in your memory.
So that's it for this button section in the next section.
We're going to create this caption part.
And also, this imposed section for putting the comments.
Before ending the violence and everything to get home, we just say get off.
And then you say get comments with the message of.
Creates.
The portents.
Sectioned off the post components.
And we push it to.
Get.
So let's check, so we refreshed the page and a guitar.
It should come in a second.
So we have.
The last comment is critic Barton's section of the post component with the only things we did was the
changing to post touches.
We added the post button section, which has.
A diff that covers another day and put mark icons, and the first Steve has two icons.
And also we added the B10 class.
But this one, we just use the layer components.
All right.
That was it for this section in the next section, we start with this caption and the post area.
So see you in the next section.